## Wow, so I have been using Github/SophiaG20 which I deleted to start over. All repos are deleted. I was programming in Solidity, Hoon, HTML, and JavaScript, and Python. Now I am starting COBOL.

### So my name is Sophia G20 and it is G20 because in 2008 is when I was called that in the military because of G as in Grzeskowiak-Amezquita and 20 Because 1.G 2.R 3.Z 4.E 5.S. 6.K 7.O 8.W 9.I 10.A 11.K 12.A 13.M 14.E 15.Z 16.Q 17.U 18.I 19.T 20.A Ta-DA! Twenty letters. I have written for newspapers and was known as reporter Sophia G20 and when I was in the student government senate the same Sophia G20

## So I am involved in Web3 more specifically the NFT group called Mfers. I am part of a Sorority Tri-Sigma, and I was in Army Aviation, and I was president of ASME American Society of Mechanical Engineers. I also managed the UAF team in Texas for the Shell Eco-Marathon and we beat MIT in a bike race using batteries we made in-house. In 2013 I took a couple of plane rides to the destination of Dubai without a passport. I was tired of fighting local, then state than the USA federal, and then many corporations and just wanted world peace and was 1000% convinced OPEC would hear me out about diverting from oil and other points. I was 25 years old at the time. Later in my 30's it was discovered I have some Alexander the Great blood among Aztec and Mayan rulers. 

## What now? I am not sure. People like me have a lot of energy and willpower and the need to shepherd the weak and needy and fight the corrupt or perpetrators of the suffering of humanity. I am now a 36-year-old woman who spent the last 10ish years working on mental health and learning about the sufferings of those living in Seattle. The plus side is that I have been playing with A.i since 1995 due to my RocketScientist NASA Grandpa. And enjoying my own computer and internet since 1993. So far I was one of the first beta users for OpenAi so that is what I got going for me. Will start coding 
